I had many questions, why do young people have to die?
Why do my children have to go through this?
God did not create us to make war.
The priests in my church always said it is God's will.
Being on the run was dreadful.
More than once I thought we were going to die.
Eventually we arrived in Germany
and I was convinced that the priests there
could give me some answers.
I went to several different churches, but no answers.
I kept telling them, I'm looking for something.
I don't know what it is, but I didn't find it here with you.
Sometimes I thought I was searching for something
that no one could give me.
One day, a German woman approached me in Arabic.
That was amazing for me.
I never had a good opinion of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I didn't think I could learn anything from her, but I gave her a chance.
She gave me logical answers to all of my questions.
In my home country, there are multiple religious groups
and nationalities who hate and fight each other.
But at the meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses,
I have seen that all people can live in peace with each other.
If they get to know our father in heaven,
he gives love and peace.
At last, I found what I had been looking for.
I lived a life without rules.
I used to get drunk, smoked a lot,
and I became a compulsive gambler.
My behavior was a complete disaster.
My wife wanted to separate from me.
It was a horrible time.
My wife started studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses.
I remember being doubtful, very doubtful.
But there was one thing that started to make me think.
Both my wife and my children look more peaceful, more joyful, happier.
That's why I even accepted a Bible study.
I came to realize that Jehovah lives each one of us as an individual.
That gave me real hope for the future.
Everything I was studying in the Bible helped me to understand
that doing Jehovah's will is in our best interest.
This really helped me to quit my bad habits,
treat my family better,
and show due respect to my wife.
If Jehovah hadn't searched for me,
if I hadn't come to know him,
we would no longer be a family.
Today, we are indeed a happy family,
a united family, united more than ever.
Only Jehovah could perform such a miracle.